1;The Resistance to a New Trump Administration Has Already Started;An emerging coalition that views Donald J. Trump's agenda as a threat to democracy is laying the groundwork to push back if he wins in November, taking extraordinary pre-emptive actions.

0;Men Fear Me, Society Shames Me, and I Love My Life;My story shows there are other, fulfilling ways to live.

0;Boys Get Everything, Except the Thing That's Most Worth Having;Modern boyhood is an apprenticeship in loneliness.

0;At 17, She Fell in Love With a 47-Year-Old. Now She Questions the Story.;Jill Ciment's 1996 memoir "Half a Life" described her teenage affair with the man she eventually married. Her new memoir, "Consent," dramatically revises some details.

1;How Healthy Are Avocados?;Here's a highlight reel of their biggest nutritional benefits, plus delicious recipes to help you enjoy them.

0;Women Have Gotten `Too Mouthy,' Says This Republican Senate Candidate;Alex Jones, Steve Bannon and the left-to-right pipeline.

1;The Man Who Couldn't Stop Going to College;Benjamin B. Bolger has spent his whole life amassing academic degrees. What can we learn from him?

0;Italian Teenager to Become the First Millennial Saint;Pope Francis attributed a second miracle to Carlo Acutis, one of the last steps toward canonization.

1;The Best Books of the Year (So Far);The nonfiction and novels we can't stop thinking about.

1;Trump Has Been Convicted. Can He Still Run for President?;The Constitution and U.S. law have clear answers for only some of the questions raised by the criminal conviction of a major presidential candidate.

1;The Chilling Reason You May Never See the New Trump Movie;Hollywood shouldn't pre-emptively capitulate to the MAGA movement.

0;The Best Films of 2024, So Far;Our critics pick nine films that they think are worth your time on this long holiday weekend.

0;In Secret Recordings, Alito Endorses Nation of `Godliness.' Roberts Talks of Pluralism.;The two justices were surreptitiously recorded at a Supreme Court gala last week by a woman posing as a Catholic conservative.

1;The Day My Old Church Canceled Me Was a Very Sad Day;There is a difference between peace and capitulation.

0;The Best Sex Advice Might Also Be the Hardest to Follow;Some couples would rather get divorced than talk openly about their intimate lives.

1;If Trump Wins;Donald Trump and his closest allies are planning a radical reshaping of American government. Here are some of the policy stakes if he regains power in 2025.

1;Morgan Spurlock, Documentarian Known for `Super Size Me,' Dies at 53;His 2004 film followed Mr. Spurlock as he ate nothing but McDonald's for a month. It was nominated for an Oscar, but it later came in for criticism.

1;The Alitos, the Neighborhood Clash and the Upside-Down Flag;Inside the escalating conflict on a bucolic suburban street that Justice Alito said prompted a "Stop the Steal" symbol at his home.

1;She Made an Offer on a Condo. Then the Seller Learned She Was Black.;A Black woman claims a white homeowner tried to pull out of a sale because of her race.

0;The 25 Photos That Defined the Modern Age;A group of experts met to discuss the images that have best captured - and changed - the world since 1955.